Okay, so I figured I would just make a recording explaining why I've decided to bomb an IVF building or clinic. Basically, it just comes down to I'm angry that I exist. And that's, you know, nobody got my consent to bring me here. And I know what you're going to say. How could we have got your consent because you didn't exist, blah, blah, blah. Exactly the point. There's no way you can get consent to bring someone here. So don't fucking do it. Right. um and if you're going to try to say something really fucking retarded like well since you don't exist you don't have a consent status and therefore we don't have to get consent this really isn't any different from saying oh well the girl's unconscious so i can't get you know i can't get her consent to have sex with her so therefore it's okay because i can't there's no way to even ask for the consent right um so i mean if you actually think that's a good argument against what i've said right you're absolutely retarded your brain you're it's very childish and retarded right um and before you say oh that's ad hominem i said the word retard no i made an argument and then i called you a retard fucker so it's not ad hominem ad hominem is when someone just you know just name calls and that's it that's what ad hominem is fuckhead some of you motherfuckers are just too fucking stupid okay anyways so yes the point is obviously you can't get people's consent to bring them here so don't do it it's that fucking simple this is not complicated logic this is not complicated ethics so anyways I have written some things down here I tried to order them in a way that makes sense just because I have a lot of things to say. And yeah, so hopefully there's some order to my little recording here. But anyways, so yeah. So the reason I'm, you know, wanting to get the fuck out of this whole life game is basically, I guess it comes down to, I'm not interested in being a life addict, right? So I really never wanted to do this life drug. um and i remember like when i was a kid people just trying to i mean my whole life really people have always been trying to push this life drug onto me you know they've been people try to push experiences onto me like hey let's you know go to a concert or some bullshit it's always something you know and i'm always saying no no not interested not interested and you know people are um for some reason like people just can't fucking take no for an answer you know um when it comes to this shit it really isn't any different from like you know kids pushing drugs or smoking on some other kid or whatever it's not really any different from this you know except in this case it's more like fucking heroin you know it's a much worse drug so and also yes life is a drug it really is very analogous to a drug I know some of you assholes are gonna get all triggered at me saying that being negative you know about life. But, I mean, think about this. You know, if you sit around and do absolutely nothing, like literally nothing, right, you're going to become very miserable pretty quickly, right? And the reason for this is that the default state for you is deprivation, right? And this is how life gets you to chase things, right? And, yeah, that includes literally even drinking water, what we would call basic needs, right? your brain gets you to chase things that's really what's going on and the shit that we're chasing really is stupid this whole evolution thing, life thing is not an intelligent design when you see innocent creatures getting completely fucked by life I'm not just talking humans but even animals how the hell can you sit there and call that an intelligent design it clearly isn't It's a completely absurd thing to call life an intelligent design. It's clearly not. It clearly is just something that happened because it could. The circumstances were just right to where it could happen and it did happen. Evolution isn't really doing anything on purpose. It's just evolving. It's just happening. That's it. It's not intelligent. That's why I use the word stupid a lot. in reference to the shit people are chasing, the shit people are doing, and what life is doing. It's stupid. I'm not saying that just because I'm upset about it. I'm saying that because I've thought about it, and I think the word stupid really does apply. I tend not to use language too loosely. Okay, so all this just to say, yeah, life itself really is just, it's a big drug addiction, right? It's just chasing absolute nonsense. And I've pretty much seen this since I was a kid. I've pretty much known it since I was a kid. As a kid, I wasn't able to put words to it, but some part of my brain kind of understood it, right? Because I really wasn't very interested in anything. I really didn't want much, you know? And as I've gotten older and older, you know, more aware, I started to realize like, oh, this is a really nasty game. This life on earth game is really nasty. You know, it's causing tons and tons of harm. it is a zero sum game is that what it's called? Zero sum game? did I say that right? Hopefully I said that right basically what I'm trying to say is since the default state is deprivation basically you're being whipped constantly and the best you can achieve is not being whipped satisfying your needs and your desires which again really is just the whip being taken away, right? So as in Mendham, Gary would say, there is no carrot, there's only the whip, okay? It doesn't intuitively make sense when you think about it. Like when I first heard him say shit like that, I totally didn't believe it. I was like, no, no, no. Like there's certain things that are just like pleasurable on their own. And, but as I thought about, you know, over the week after, the week after I heard him say that I just started thinking about things and I started to realize like no it's it really there really is no like fundamental like good you know it really is all made of fixing bad things fixing deprived states and what not you know it's really interesting and it's really you know unfortunate but that's just the way it is so anyway so yeah zero sum game because like i said you the best you can do is clean up messes and we can't even really do that well you know i mean look around we're not doing that you know um so you know we again another thing gary would say is like you spill the milk and then you clean up a small portion of it and then you pat yourself on the back it's it's really i mean life really truly is completely fucking absurd right and to anyone who's like aware of these facts you know intelligent whatever it's the more and more you become aware of this shit the more miserable life becomes just like oh fuck this is really bad you know um you start to see all the harm and it's just it's so nasty anyways so um and then you know i basically most people just really aren't in any position in life to do much about it you know um and so basically you're just going to live life as a slave really i mean people don't like it when i use this word um but that's just the way i see it i don't know what to say like i really i really do just see existence as a kind of slavery to a dna molecule basically that's really all it is and um so i'm just saying it's you know maybe you're not miserable okay fine whatever but a lot of people are okay and you know it's it's wasted suffering there there there's so many people there's so many creatures really i should say because not just humans that are important it's you know all the other sentient beings on this planet are also just as important okay um so much wasted suffering right so much suffering that occurs and for no you know benefit you know it's just a complete waste and it's it's sickening it really is sickening you know um so yeah okay so just i'm doing i'm doing all this explaining just you know for the people who don't get this shit like this is all really important shit um okay what else did i have written down here i wrote down suicide prevention is people trying to push life on you and is analogous to peers pressuring you to try drugs okay i kind of already said this but um i didn't say the suicide prevention part but yeah suicide prevention really is just that um so people trying to prevent others from killing themselves um especially if the person has like a peaceful way of doing it right um and you try to prevent them from doing it um you're just pushing life on them which again is a drug so you're just pushing drugs on people so fuck that absolute nonsense um another little thing i wrote down really interesting point that i've not heard anyone else make. It's in regards to mass shooters and mass killings and whatnot. I was thinking to myself, there's an organization called the Violence Project, I believe that's what they're called. They have a lot of interesting data on mass shooters. Something interesting they found really common in mass shooters is that they have a suicidal crisis before they become a mass shooter, before they start thinking about killing people. right they have some kind of suicidal crisis this is fairly common right not all of them but pretty common um and i was thinking to myself you know uh you really probably would solve you you really would prevent a lot of mass shootings if you gave them the right to a graceful exit the right to die right and i'm not talking about the fake right to die that we have now okay which isn't even really a right because other people have to decide for you so it's not even really a right. And people that do get it, obviously they have to be very terminally ill and all this bullshit. It's not a right. It's nonsense, right? They've passed it in a very, very, very restricted and minimal way so that they can bullshit people and say, oh, look, we have the right to die, when no, we absolutely fucking don't. Okay. And I could get into this whole topic, but I will in a minute. But the main point, back to the mass shooter thing, right? I really do think if people had an, if we had an actual right to die in the US, right, right to a graceful exit, whatever the fuck you want to call it, you probably would prevent a good chunk of mass shooters. So yeah, interesting little fact, or idea, theory, I should say, whatever. Very likely true, though. Okay, back to the right to die thing, because that's a really important topic. yeah so what we have now is a fake right to die it's not at all some kind of human right to die absolute nonsense um there's the slippery slope argument where people say like oh if we gave everyone the right to a graceful exit um you know what about the people what about like people getting coerced into it or whatever and it's like look i could apply this shit to like free speech too i could say like what if people say things that hurt my feelings or say bad things or whatever I'm just saying you could apply the slippery slope argument to other types of human rights, and you can kind of quickly understand that, yeah, the price is kind of worth it, right? And then you think about, well, what is the price, right? In the case of right to die, what is the price being paid in these instances where it's abused and misused, right? The price, think about it, is somebody who maybe didn't want to die falls asleep and doesn't wake up, right? that's the big price quote unquote price being paid right bullshit I mean such nonsense right so we're not there's so it's not even really a harm right I mean even if you think it's a harm fine okay but at least understand you're being way too perfectionistic right you're being absurdly perfectionistic nothing nothing in this world is perfect right so you're basically you're basically saying we can't have the right to die until it's literally perfect which is not pragmatic at all you're not being pragmatic at all it's a non-argument, it's an absolute fucking non-argument so complete bullshit that we don't have a right to die especially considering the fact that you're brought here without your consent in the first fucking place, the least this fucking goddamn society could do is give people a right to a graceful way out, you know, not force them to jump off a goddamn building or shoot themselves in the fucking head or strangle themselves, you know, pretty common method, whatever the fuck, drink sodium nitrite, you know, I know people think getting shot in the head and drinking sodium nitrite, these methods are considered like, nice or better methods or whatever. But they're really not. I mean, getting shot in the head pretty messy. Also, like, yes, it's easy to put the gun to your head, but like actually pulling the trigger, little scary, I must say. um and the sodium nitrite thing you know that's a that's become a popular method obviously um it's not like totally it's not completely peaceful it does make your stomach feel pretty shitty and um you know i'm just you know i'm just saying it causes some pretty you know kind of gross symptoms um so yeah fuck these assholes that would say like oh you can just shoot yourself you do have a right to die i've heard people say shit like this is such a myopic fucking view it's so shitty um so insensitive fuck you fuck you um oh god okay what else um yeah so i guess maybe i should talk a bit about ivf i mean obviously i'm very against it um it's extremely wrong i mean these are people who are having kids after they've sat there and thought about it um how much more stupid can it get i don't know um i guess you can make the argument like well at least they're thinking and at least they're planning it and all that. It's like, yeah, that is something, I guess. But at the same time, again, you still can't get their goddamn consent. So you're not getting around that argument, you know, not rationally. So basically I'm anti-life, right? And IVF is like kind of the epitome of pro-life ideology, right? So yeah, fuck IVF, fuck IVF clinics. and fuck the people that work for them, quite frankly. Ignorance is not really an excuse. I know because I know people are going to say like, oh, they haven't even thought about what they're doing or whatever. And it's like, yes, that's sad and all. But again, if a guy is going around raping people and is actually retarded and doesn't understand what he's doing, right does that mean you don't punish him still you don't like lock him up still or something no it doesn't mean that you still you start to take action you start to do something about it so it's just unfortunately intent like i do care about intent but unfortunately in reality it doesn't mean a whole lot you know um i want it to mean a lot i used to believe it was everything but um in the last few years i kind of started to realize like no unfortunately intent just it means so little and so um even if you're causing harm and you don't get that you're causing you don't know that you're causing harm you still have to be dealt with you know what i mean so just an unfortunate you know reality anyways uh let's see what the hell else did i write down um yeah i wrote down like you know these people like when they push life on you like if when you're in especially when you're like a suicidal person you know when they start pushing life on you. It's like the games these fucking people are trying to push on you, these life games you're trying to push aren't even good games, right? It's just like, oh, consume, be a fucking consumer, right? Pay for the factory farms to rape the fucking animals. You know, these are the these are the fucking games we're playing as humans. It's sickening. Fuck, fuck these games. Why the fuck do I want to play these fucking games? It's absolutely absurd. Nobody intelligent would want to play these stupid fucking games. I feel like I'm surrounded by fucking ghouls okay what else I wrote down I mean I already said this but I kind of wrote it in a kind of a nice way so I'm going to read it even though I've already said this I said children cannot consent to being born therefore you do not have consent the act of bringing someone into this world is a non-consensual act and is reminiscent of rape now in my mind I really strongly consider it rape I know some people are going to have an issue with me calling it that so the way i word it is very precise i said it's reminiscent of rape meaning i see a similar mindset okay and the people that are doing it okay that's what i'm saying to be very specific um so let's see uh i wrote down these topics are too important for me to accept people ignoring them and i said i don't actually believe people are ignoring them i think people who have control are censoring these topics by shadowbanning people who talk about them and then of course also all the algorithms that are in control now that are used to manipulate what people see kind of what they think I think it's pretty effective I won't say it's crazy effective I don't think people are completely retarded and incapable of knowing when they're being manipulated and fucked with. People kind of have an idea of when they're being and they kind of resist it but I'm just saying clearly it does work to some extent there's clearly a lot of coercion going on trying to get people to make babies and have more kids there's a lot of that going on a decent chunk of people are their brains do, it works for them basically it works on them but there's still a lot of people I think that are saying like nah no fuck this I'm not having kids, this is stupid, you know, even with, even with, you know, in the last few years, all this manipulation going on on the internet, and all the censorship going on, you know, in the last few years, it's become so fucking extreme, I mean, like YouTube comments, for example, you can't say fucking anything now on YouTube comments, it's so goddamn bad, if it isn't in line with their narrative, you know, it just gets, they aren't even shadow banning, like they just straight up fucking remove comments like it's so wild i mean they do shadowban i'm just saying um they also often just straight up remove your comment and they don't even try to hide it from you like it's wild uh anyways so the censorship all this stuff really has got me quite upset i really must say that how the how badly they fucked the internet is it's really upsetting because it you know the internet really is important for people to communicate and whatnot get together form people who have similar beliefs obviously are going to use the internet to try to come together and they're fucking with that and that's really upsetting to me anyways I know there's assholes that are going to be like stop being online so much fuck you, the internet is really important quit pretending it's not quit pretending it's nothing it's such bullshit let's see okay that's about all I wrote down so yeah fuck pro-lifers fuck pro-life ideology there's absolutely no rational reason to be pro-life it's a zero-sum game it only causes harm all it's capable of producing is harm it can't produce anything objectively good it's never going to do that fuck transhumanism crazy shit, absolute nonsense and yeah, so I guess I would be considered a promortalist I don't like the way, I don't like that word that name I guess, promortalist because for people that don't think too deeply about it they're going to get the impression that that means I'm pro-dying and that's not exactly the case. I understand, obviously, there's many ways to die that are very bad and painful. So that's pretty negative and shitty, obviously. I'm pro-nonexistence is what I am, right? So that is what promortalism is. But obviously, I'm just saying promortalism can make people think that you're some kind of sadist or something who wants to cause death, destruction, and whatnot. It's like, no, that's not the case. I know you're going to think how ironic because I'm causing destruction and probably possibly death. And it's like I'm only doing this because I feel like it's what I have to do to get people's fucking attention and to let the world know like, yes, I'm fucking serious about this shit. You have to take this seriously. Fuck you. You know, because I can't go on the Internet and talk about this shit anymore. I can't find people anymore on the fucking Internet because they completely goddamn censored it. so I really feel like I'm being severely fucked with personally you know in so many fucking ways by you know not having the right to a graceful exit and then again by being completely censored and manipulated by the internet I mean the manipulation doesn't really work on me but the censoring obviously does it's actually pretty hard to get around especially with all the fucking AI shit now being used to censor people right so like now you can't even sneakily make comments anymore because AI understands context, you know? So like it's, it's really fucking bad now. The censorship is really bad in the last few years. So it's very, very upsetting to me. Um, it really fucks with me. It's, I hate it. So, um, you know, I think even like, I think Elon Musk banned the words like, uh, antinatalism on Twitter and what else? Uh, well, that's the main one, I guess, right antinatalism um so yeah fuck i mean fuck you know fuck twitter it's a shithole now i guess but um i never really used it in the first place but anyways um yeah so that that's basically it i genuinely feel like it takes like uh basically these these topics are just they're way too fucking important um for it to be censored and ignored and like they need to be put on blast like people need to be thinking and talking about these issues because they really are big issues and um before you say oh it's just your life that's shitty you know um that's why you care so much um no i've just spent this entire recording explaining to you like objectively why life is bad um and it's causing harm and so it's not just about me it's pretty clear that I care about all sentient life all the feelings going on on earth so yeah just complete bullshit the main reason why I feel like shit all the time is because I'm aware of all the harm occurring to other fucking sentient beings all the animals being raped in farms and even by nature itself obviously nature isn't nice, what it's doing isn't nice obviously and uh and obviously and also i'll make this clear like yes i'm a vegan but um i understand that the harm being caused by nature is way way larger than anything humans are doing right i just i'm upset about the the factory farm shit just because i feel like we should really know better you know like we have the ability to recognize harm and we're just completely squandering it you know and and then we consume it in such disgusting quantities and in such disgusting ways. I mean, it's just so, you know, it's just so sickening in every way. Everything about meat eating and, you know, not just meat, but really, you know, all the animal products too, you know. Anyways, what was I saying? Okay, so, okay, I think this explains it pretty well. I think anyone who listens to this has a pretty good idea now of why I've done this and why I do believe it's justified and I'm not getting off on it. I won't even be alive to witness it. So this isn't like me getting off on anything. You can't sit there and be like, oh, he's getting off on this. He wants attention or whatever. I mean, yes, I want attention, but it's not for me personally. Okay? It's for objectively important fucking causes. Okay? So I think it'll be pretty clear to anyone listening that like, um, I'm doing this because I care and because I can see how important these issues are and, and the fact that they're being censored by this, uh, ghoulish society that we live in, you know, that just wants to keep this system running. And so obviously it has to, obviously people can't be operating in some kind of honest mode. Their brain can't be operating in truth or honest mode because if it were, they would see how pointless it all is and they wouldn't continue this stupid system, right? So the system itself, the only way it can continue running is to get people to not see the truth, to hide the truth from them basically, right? To manipulate them to be consumers and all this shit, right? That's literally what it has to do to continue existing, right? It has to lie to you and push lies onto you and push addictions on to you and whatnot. Anyways, okay. So I think this is good. I know it's very rambly. I'm sorry. I'm just, I guess, I don't know. Whatever. It is what it is. I think it's a decent explanation. It's all very rational. And one more thing I want to add. Because I know there's going to be these assholes that are like, oh he clearly it's all about his feelings and whatnot like yes obviously this is strong i i feel strongly about these things yes um just because someone has feelings about something does not make it irrational right um obviously the the feelings are just your brain's way of making you aware of some computation it's done right so your brain does some computation and And then it, based on the result, you see the outcome, the result as a feeling, right? And now then, yes, obviously, it's also important to then apply logic. So sit there and actively think about why you're feeling the way you're feeling, right? To make sure that it makes sense, right? And I've clearly done that, right? I've clearly sat here and thought a lot about my feelings and why I feel the way I do and whatnot. and um so you really can't say like oh well he you know hey i'm just saying these assholes that say like they don't i guess people don't say this but i can tell like a lot of people think this way like they don't like people who who feel strongly about things and it's just fuck you fuck you um such bullshit you know um yeah okay anyways I think that's good I think that's that's enough a little add-on bit here regarding promortalism just you know something I think is a really important argument I guess to make in regards to promortalism for all the assholes that try to make it out to be evil or some bullshit like that is that we're not the ones making death happen at all right all the promortalist is saying is like, hey, let's make the death thing happen sooner rather than later in life, right? We're just changing the date at which it happens. That's all we're trying to do, right? But recognize that, you know, once you exist, death is a guarantee, right? It's going to happen. So the promortalist isn't making a death happen. That's a bullshit way to think about it. That's a dishonest and untruthful way to think about it, right? The truth is the parents are the ones making the death happen, right? They're the ones making you exist in the first place. which then guarantees a death. Okay, so parents are the real killers here. Okay, they're the real ones imposing harm and suffering and some kind of death process onto people. All the promoralist is saying is, hey, let's make it happen sooner rather than later. So that way you experience less of life's bullshit, right? Less of this silly fucking zero-sum game, right? so yeah important argument you know to make to people who again try to make promortalism out to be evil or some bullshit like that it's these people are just if they hear this argument and they still disagree they're being dishonest basically because again all this shit is really simple to understand